[GOKU] And now... it's time
for me to share that pride.
Pride in myself.
I am a Saiyan that was
raised on planet Earth!
And in the name of every single
Saiyan that you've made suffer.
For them, and all the
people of planet Namek too!
[GOKU grunt]
I will... defeat you!
♪ Opening Song ♪
♪
[PICCOLO] It's
almost unbelievable
how much stronger he is!
How did he become so powerful?
[gasp] Let's go! We have to
get out of here, and quickly!
Everyone get to
some place safe!
[KRILLIN] Gohan!
You're in the way!
Gohan!
[GOHAN] Get him, Dad!
Make him pay for what he did!
Let that monster have it!
[grunt]
[GOKU power yell]
[GOKU yell]
Ya!
Huh?
That's it! Yeah...
Yeah, I get it now!
Frieza can't sense
other people's energy!
Hm.
Dad! Please be okay!
Gohan!
Incredible... Are you guys
seeing what I'm seeing?
♪
Uh. [sigh]
[GOKU grunt] Huh?
Mmm.
Hm.
[GOKU sigh]
[BULMA gupling]
[gasp]
I'm finally alive again.
But I'm also exhausted...
[BULMA] I can't walk!
[BULMA] This is it.
I'm going to die again.
All alone on
some strange planet.
Once again, left
to suffer in solitude.
It's true what they say: "The
fairest flowers soonest fade."
[ribbit]
[croaking]
[BULMA wince]
Uh..
[croaking]
[gasp]
Ahh!
You know what, if I have to die
and leave a beautiful corpse,
I will not do it
surrounded by frogs!
[FRIEZA yell]
[GOKU struggling]
[GOKU yell]
[GOKU shaky breathing]
Hot!
Now then. Where were we?
[FRIEZA] He's
actually not that bad.
[gasp] Oh...
What is it, King Kai?
What are you seeing?
It's... Goku, isn't it?
Mhm...
Hm. Just as I thought.
He's putting up a good fight.
I'm not sure if this
is true for all Saiyans
or if Goku is unique...
although I'd bet good
money that it's the latter...
but there's no
limit to his power.
It's almost unbelievable
how strong he's become
since he trained here with me.
Imagine how funny he'd be
if he'd focused on comedy!
You've got to be kidding me.
[grunt]
You'll pay for your insolence!
Huh?
Whoa! What's this?
[GOKU] That's hot!
[FRIEZA chuckle]
♪
Now there's an eruption?
What's going on here?
Dad is in there!
Goku...
[FRIEZA yell]
[yell]
[GOKU yelling]
Whew!
Nice try.
Somebody needs to teach you
not to mess with
other people's planets!
And I'd be glad to volunteer!
Hm.
♪
[chuckle]
I must confess, you're stronger
than I gave you credit for.
I'm actually quite surprised.
[FRIEZA] I never thought
I would meet anyone
who could best Captain Ginyu.
Hm... It's almost a pity
I have to destroy you.
Is that right? Well...
We'll see about that!
[FRIEZA laughing]
We certainly will.
[BOTH grunt]
[gasp]
Right back at ya!
Ahhh!
[GOKU] Ah! He shouldn't been
able to get out of that!
[GOKU] Ah!
[FRIEZA chuckling]
[GOKU in pain]
Oh wow, that smarts!
You have to come
back up sometime.
Surely you're not dead already;
our little game
is only just begun.
[GOKU struggling]
[GOKU] That bastard sure is
fast, I'll give him that...
So what am I going
to do about it?
[GOKU] If it's true that
he can't find his opponents
by sensing their
energy like I can...
that means he has to rely
on his eyes to track me down.
It's not much to go on,
but it's all I've got!
[KRILLIN] Something's wrong.
Goku should have
come up for air by now!
He's okay!
I've been sensing his energy
and it hasn't dropped at all!
[GOKU] It's been awhile
since I've done this.
Hm. I wonder how Master
Roshi's doing right about now.
Ka... me... ha... me... ha!
[GOKU] Perfect!
Now stay just like that!
♪
I'm still waiting! Come on out.
I've got a little present
I'm dying to give you.
[GOKU] Alright.
This is it. Here it goes!
[FRIEZA] That's not him!
[GOKU] One more time!
There you are! Uh. Coward...
[GOKU yell]
[FRIEZA moan in pain]
[ALL gasp]
[GOHAN chuckle]
That went pretty well.
[GOHAN AND KRILLIN chuckle]
♪
[neck cracking]
Wow... I figured that would
at least hurt you a little!
[chuckling]
♪
I didn't expect
you to be this good.
I haven't had to dust
myself off after a fight
since I was a child
training with my father.
[laughing]
Hm. I don't believe I've
ever felt this way before.
I can barely contain
my excitement.
Now, how am I going
to deal with you?
Hey, don't ask me.
I'm just the guy who
thought he beat you up
until about a minute ago.
I think I'll toy
with you for a while.
Huh?
[GOKU] Is he moving
stuff with his mind?
Here goes!
[GOKU grunting]
Fine! You want to play rough?
[GOKU yell]
You've got a lot of nerve.
[grunt]
Huh?
[grunting]
♪
[shaky breath]
Oh, man... Tell me
I'm imagining things!
It looks like-- It looks
like a floating island!
He ripped it right
out of the ground!
[growling]
[FRIEZA intensely laughing]
It's time I put you
out of your misery.
[power yell]
[GOKU struggling]
Hm...
♪
[sigh]
Ahhh!
You fell for it!
Oh, crap!
[FRIEZA chuckling]
[GOKU] Can't... move!
You've been asking for this.
Now let's play
a game, shall we?
We'll play until I miss and
put you in orbit. It'll be fun.
[GOKU] I've got to think
of a way to get out of this!
Ahhh!
[chuckling] I realize
this was my idea,
but I'm beginning to grow
bored with this little game.
Wait. What?!
Let's skip to the
sudden death round.
[GOKU pained yell]
[struggling]
Ahhh!
Gohan!
You made it just in time!
[gasping]
[grunt]
[gasp]
[coughing]
Huh?
[KRILLIN] Goku!
[GOHAN] Dad...
And that was just round one.
Frieza hasn't even
begun to fight.
Huh?
He could destroy
this entire planet
with a single blast if he
wanted to; he has the power.
The way I see it,
the fact that we're all
still standing here can
only mean one thing.
You're saying he's
just having fun with us?
Ugh. That bastard!
What does that mean?
Is my dad gonna be okay?
I wouldn't worry
about him just yet.
Frieza's not the
only one holding back.
[BOTH] Huh?!
Why don't you see for yourself?
♪
[KRILLIN chuckle]
[GOHAN gasp]
[GOHAN] Dad!
Whew! Well, that was
close. A little too close.
If I plan beating Frieza,
I'm gonna have to be a
lot more careful than that.
[BOTH chuckle]
Hm...
♪
It's like I was
saying before...
You need to learn to not mess
with other peoples planets.
How did he just do
that? I don't get it!
Even at that speed,
he freed himself
from Frieza's control
right before the explosion.
Dad was really
able to do that?
But, it all happened so fast!
Freaks of nature! Both
of them! Makes me sick.
You're much more
resilient than the others.
And you're dangerously
close to making me angry.
That makes two of us.
[chuckling]
It appears we've finally found
something we can agree on...
I'll warn you, the gloves
are coming off this round.
Hm. That's fine by me.
[NARRATOR] Two warriors.
Two techniques.
And two of the most
astonishing power levels
the universe has ever seen.
Is one about to
dominate the other?
Or is this epic battle
just getting started?
Find out. The next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GINYU] Hey! Ribbit
Ginyu! Ribbit-ribbit!
Ribbit-ribbit-ribbit!
Ribbit-ribbit!
[BULMA] Would you
please knock it off!
Nobody here speaks frog!
[GINYU] Ribbit! Ribbit!
Ribbit-ribbit-ribbit!
[BULMA] Wait, you're trying to
tell us something, aren't you?
Here, use this translator.
[GINYU laughing] Change now!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
I'm coming for you now, Frieza!